-  A kernel page talbe per process

Xv6 has a single kernel page table that's used whenever it executes in the kernel. The kernel page table is a direct mapping to physical addresses, so that kernel virtual address *x* maps to physical address *x*. Xv6 also has **a separate page table for each process's user address space**, containing only mappings for that process's user memory, starting at virtual address zero. Because the kernel page table doesn't contain these mappings, user addresses are not valid in the kernel. Thus, when the kernel needs to use a user pointer passed in a system call (e.g., the buffer pointer passed to `write()`), the kernel must first translate the pointer to a physical address. The goal of this section and the next is to allow the kernel to directly dereference user pointers.

Your first job is to modify the kernel so that every process uses its own copy of the kernel page table when executing in the kernel. Modify `struct proc` to maintain a kernel page table for each process, and modify the scheduler to switch kernel page tables when switching processes. For this step, each per-process kernel page table should be identical to the existing global kernel page table. You pass this part of the lab if `usertests` runs correctly.

Read the book chapter and code mentioned at the start of this assignment; it will be easier to modify the virtual memory code correctly with an understanding of how it works. Bugs in page table setup can cause traps due to missing mappings, can cause loads and stores to affect unexpected pages of physical memory, and can cause execution of instructions from incorrect pages of memory.

Some hints:

- Add a field to `struct proc` for the process's kernel page table.
- A reasonable way to produce a kernel page table for a new process is to implement a modified version of `kvminit` that makes a new page table instead of modifying `kernel_pagetable`. You'll want to call this function from `allocproc`.、
- Make sure that each process's kernel page table has a mapping for that process's kernel stack. In unmodified xv6, all the kernel stacks are set up in `procinit`. You will need to move some or all of this functionality to `allocproc`.
- Modify `scheduler()` to load the process's kernel page table into the core's `satp` register (see `kvminithart` for inspiration). Don't forget to call `sfence_vma()` after calling `w_satp()`
- `scheduler()` should use `kernel_pagetable` when no process is running.
- Free a process's kernel page table in `freeproc`.
- You'll need a way to free a page table without also freeing the leaf physical memory pages.
- `vmprint` may come in handy to debug page tables.
- It's OK to modify xv6 functions or add new functions; you'll probably need to do this in at least `kernel/vm.c` and `kernel/proc.c`. (But, don't modify `kernel/vmcopyin.c`, `kernel/stats.c`, `user/usertests.c`, and `user/stats.c`.)
- A missing page table mapping will likely cause the kernel to encounter a page fault. It will print an error that includes `sepc=0x00000000XXXXXXXX`. You can find out where the fault occurred by searching for `XXXXXXXX` in `kernel/kernel.asm`